Isaac Kagiso Malebana


Before: I was working on the front-end creating login and register pages.
I was trying to connect the front-end and back-end and I eventually
managed.

During holidays: I was working on the APIs testing them making sure, they work as intended.

Currently: I'm creating services for the REST API and trying to 
share data across components.

4 - 8 Jan
I went through the system with the team and reported changes to be made.
I had to modify API and test them again. As I was getting data from 
the API I realise had to create sessions on the front-end and token.

10 -15 Jan
I went on learning about sessions and token. They are still giving
me hard time but I think I will manage to finish them over the weekends.


18 - 22 Jan
I created validation for the login and register, I did routing authentications
which is basically giving access to pages when rendering and worked on http intercepters.

25 - 29 Jan 
I created the admin UI and added the functionality to read and delete customer information.
I also created update customer profile but is not working as well as i want it to work.

1 - 5 Feb
This week i focused on modifying the view of the register, login, updated customer profile
and admin pages, I also added page not found. 

8 - 12 Feb
I was working on admin dashboard, had challanges comming 
up with the design. but i managed to create a form
which is a small part of the dashboard also had issues
with the technolgy i was using so the enter week. I 
was basically setting up my enviroment.

15 - 19 Feb
was working on checkout page struggle with putting everything together,
couldn't put the components together or rather they were not working as intended. I was catch up with the appearance of the page, I had to change api of register and login as it was requested by my team.

22 - 26 Feb
created checkout page and validation for checkout page. I finaly managed to put the components on checkout page together, but i realised 
the connecting the api is giving us problems as the values we expecting
from the front-end don't match. I was under alot of pressure since 
we were to present a system with a lot behind.

1 - 5 Mar 
I finishing up the register and login connecting them to fake back end just to simulate the back end but is giving some challenges. 
I was working on add giftbox form on the admin, I having challenges with uploading pictures on gitbox, but I think I will be able to 
finish it my next week as I feel like I'm getting closer to the solution.

8 - 12 Mar
I was connecting coustomer table and order table on the admin but spend most of the time working on the previous code
since it had a lot of things to be changed on. I guess we had challanges following the plan or delivering what we 
thought we could. This was a week full of pressure for me since we didn't have internet connection at work so
i couldn't get the work that i had at the office from my home pc.


