Phaidi Mathabatha

Before we closed I was working on Staff log in, Patient info and Medical info back-end pages for the 
Patient Record System.

During the holidays I worked on or rather practiced Node.js a little bit, there is too much to know 
with little time to go about it.

I am currently busy with Angular, apart from my part on the group, it is third on the top three, it is 
definitely on my need-to-know list.

25 Jan 2021

I have managed to cover the basics of angular initializing, how to create components, services, how 
angular interacts.

First thing when we restarted working on the Patient Record system, i was tasked to create an API for 
medical record, but my progress was without luck.

I am currently busy learning the procedures of an API, basically how to create an API, so far, i managed
to get "cannot POST" error, work in progress.

01 Feb 2021

Our supervisors suggested to micro manage our project due to lack of progress. They have created a Git 
repository, we had to create our branches from the main.

I am tasked with a front-end page "Patient Bookings" for Patien Record sytem. Since it is a basic Agular 
task, i dont imagine i will not be facing any challenges.

I completed all my page, so far the only challenge i had was with "bookings.component.ts" file's code but
with an assistance of research and my fellow developers, i managed to deliver in time.

 
08 Feb 2021

It is our presentation week, last week Friday we failed to present due to the other developers pair on our 
group "patient registration" page (front and back-end), the back-end developer failed to push to Git.

Every developer had to focus on the main functions of the system,  which was to print a medical record and
manage bookings for patients.

On Friday "presentation day", due to social distancing, we presented online using Teams, we had technical errors
"Network problems". Before we could finish, they gave us onther project and at that moment they told us "Patient
Record System" is done, our project was a mobile app, using IONIC.

15 Feb 2021

It is not a bad transition from basic Angular to mix it up with Ionic, new is always better, a challenge non the less, 
but so far it seem going well with Ionic.

Due to managing the workload, i am tasked with all the lecturers front-end pages for "Weekly Report" project, the
project is for Informatics and Foundation departments, it allows lectures to file reports online and HOD to view those 
repots.

We focusing on main objectives first, for me, that is the "Lecturers Report" page, for the lecture to create their report.
functionality wise, i am done with creating and canceling the report, i added a toast that still needs some work and i am 
left with a button to create a PDF out of the report. 

22 Feb 2021 

I managed to complete my task, way ahead before presentation week, my partner, the back-end for my pages has already completed
his task, he is just waiting for me to validate the front's inputs.

The process of connecting my front to his back, require a service as for Angular's procedures, Ionic is just a look with a framework
of Angular protocols.The process is for our inputs to correspond with the database, with the connection through APIs and HTTPs, we 
get to send and retrieve data from the database.

01 Mar 2021 

My pages are sami-complete, connected to the back-end and responding accordingly, i have "lacturer-dashboard" and "lecturer-report",
we figured as a team that, if we can finish the main objectives then, we are done with the project, my main objective is "lecturer-report"
and i am done with it.

My only challenge is to validate a checkbox, a checkbox for "taeching methods used", to pass on it on the team's sprint, i have to create a 
variables for each checkbox and store them individually, and that was against the wireframe we are using, i am still researching the
concept but i have other tasks i have to attend, i am terrified by the part where i have to create a PDF out of my form.

08 Mar 2021    

I skipped the checkbox, my partner suggested that, since is a presentation week, we use a text-area in stead of a checkbox and he configured
the back-end to receive a text-area, just for the presantation.

I have started with the research of creating a PDF out of a HTML form, and it turns out, with only three installations, "pdfMake", "@ionic-native/
file-opener" and "@ionic-native/file" and adding plugins for "cordova" file and file-opener, i can create and download a PDF from HTML form.

We merged the code and added few adjustment, so the main pages can navigate as one project for the presentation, we had network issues, so we 
presented at the BAs offices, but the project was presented on my laptop, with it running as a server, database and User-Interface. The presentation
was a success, our product owner commended our pace and added few feature, wich by my estimation are minner.

15 Mar 2021

Just as we should start on the next phase of the project, strike hit the campus, we were issued letters that states that, we are working from home,
not a good start for the next phase, ultimately our progress is delayed, because two of our development team, do not have laptops or PCs.

I started on the dashboard and i am almost done with it, because most of the work is for the back-end, the back-end have to send most of the front's
components, what i can classify as hard is the profile photo for the user "lecturer", making static is simple, but ours have dynamic, the user must 
be able to edit, add, update and remove their profile photo.
    
